README.md, before:

### **What's Fingra.ph?**
Fingra.ph is open source mobile analytics application. Fingra.ph is based and worked on Hadoop, Tomcat and MySQL. There are four parts of Fingra.ph: the SDK that sends client's data, the Logger that collects this data from clients, the Hadoop regathers this data from the Logger, and the Statistic WEB visualize and show these information to users.

### **Feature**
**TODAY SNAPSHOT**: Now you can	check out your app's performance every other hour. It helps you to react more instantly and more accurately  
**PERFORMANCE SNAPSHOT** : Relative performances have shown in colors and shades. Stop trying to read the data, just perceive it.  
**DISTRIBUTION SNAPSHOT** : When, where, whom and by what your app is being used? Check the crucial usage facts about your app  
**COMPONENTS SNAPSHOT** : Your app may have lots of screens and functions. Are you sure that your favorite screen is really the most visited one? See what's happening inside your app with the grouping feature which is applied real-time.  

### **Repository**
[https://github.com/Fingraph](https://github.com/Fingraph)

### **Installation**
iOS SDK : [http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-ios.html](http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-ios.html)  
Android SDK : [http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-android.html](http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-android.html)  
SDK Logger : [ http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-sdk.html]( http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-sdk.html)  
Fingra.ph Hadoop : [http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-hadoop.html](http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-hadoop.html)  
Statistics Web : [http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-sweb.html](http://opensource.fingra.ph/document-sweb.html)  

### **Issue**
iOS SDK : [https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-iOS/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-iOS/issues)  
Android SDK : [https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-Android/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-Android/issues)  
SDK Logger : [https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_SDK-Logger/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_SDK-Logger/issues)  
Fingra.ph Hadoop : [https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Hadoop/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Hadoop/issues)  
Statistics Web : [https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Statistics-Web/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Statistics-Web/issues)  

### **Forum**  
Fingra.ph Forum on the google groups : [https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/fingraphoss](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/fingraphoss)  

### **Support**
opensource@fingra.ph  

### **License**
Fingra.ph Opensource Project is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0.](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)  
Copyright 2014 Tgrape Inc.

Commit message:

Update URL of install guide documents on the README.md file.

README.md, after:

### **What's Fingra.ph?**
Fingra.ph is open source mobile analytics application. Fingra.ph is based and worked on Hadoop, Tomcat and MySQL. There are four parts of Fingra.ph: the SDK that sends client's data, the Logger that collects this data from clients, the Hadoop regathers this data from the Logger, and the Statistic WEB visualize and show these information to users.

### **Feature**
**TODAY SNAPSHOT**: Now you can	check out your app's performance every other hour. It helps you to react more instantly and more accurately  
**PERFORMANCE SNAPSHOT** : Relative performances have shown in colors and shades. Stop trying to read the data, just perceive it.  
**DISTRIBUTION SNAPSHOT** : When, where, whom and by what your app is being used? Check the crucial usage facts about your app  
**COMPONENTS SNAPSHOT** : Your app may have lots of screens and functions. Are you sure that your favorite screen is really the most visited one? See what's happening inside your app with the grouping feature which is applied real-time.  

### **Repository**
[https://github.com/Fingraph](https://github.com/Fingraph)

### **Installation**
Guide document as English : [http://opensource.fingra.ph/eng/document.html](http://opensource.fingra.ph/eng/document.html)  
Guide document as Korean : [http://opensource.fingra.ph/kor/document.html](http://opensource.fingra.ph/kor/document.html)  
Guide document as Chinese : [http://opensource.fingra.ph/chn/document.html](http://opensource.fingra.ph/chn/document.html)  

### **Issue**
iOS SDK : [https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-iOS/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-iOS/issues)  
Android SDK : [https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-Android/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/fingra.ph_SDK-Android/issues)  
SDK Logger : [https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_SDK-Logger/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_SDK-Logger/issues)  
Fingra.ph Hadoop : [https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Hadoop/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Hadoop/issues)  
Statistics Web : [https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Statistics-Web/issues](https://github.com/Fingraph/Fingra.ph_Statistics-Web/issues)  

### **Forum**  
Fingra.ph Forum on the google groups : [https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/fingraphoss](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/fingraphoss)  

### **Support**
opensource@fingra.ph  

### **License**
Fingra.ph Opensource Project is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0.](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)  
Copyright 2014 Tgrape Inc.
